This project is a text based calculator program. I will create functions for adding, subtracting, multiplying, and dividing. Each function will take two arguments. I will then create a dictionary where the keys are the math operators. The values in the dictionary will hold the addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division functions. The program will start off by telling the user to enter a number. I will then convert the input into a float. Once the user enters a number I will ask them to choose between one of the operators (+, -, *, /). After the user chooses an operator I will ask them to enter a second number. Now I will create a new variable that stores the result of the operation. The result of the operation can be created by passing the operator from the users input as a key to the operations dictionary, this will get the function that we are performing for the operation (add, subtract, multiply, division). Then we pass the the first operand and the second operand to the function. Lastly we print to the console using an f string the result of the operation.


2025-07-18 18:59
I have updated the calculator so it runs in a while loop so the user can continue calculating new numbers. I have also added a feature that lets the user continue performing new operations on the previous result. How it works is the operation will be performed in a function named calculator. The calculator function will print the result of the calculation and it will return it. A new variable outside the calculation function called `calculating` is set to True. The `calculating` variable is used to keep the While loop running. Inside of the while loop we store the the result of the calculation function in a variable named result. A new variable named `continue_calculating` is created to ask the user if they want to continue performing calculations on there previous result. A new while loop that runs on the condition of `continue_calculating` is introduced to run new calculations on the previous result. The user types `Y` or `N`. If the user types `Y` we ask them to choose a new operator. Then we ask the user to choose a number. We then take the previous result and perform the operation on the new operand. The new result of the operation is then printed to the console. The previous result is then set to the new result. This is how we keep track of the previous result as we continue performing new operations on it. Finally we ask the user if they want to continue calculating again, if they type `Y` it will continue calculating on the previous result, if they type `N` the user will start performing operations on new operands.